that is a shovel hey guys welcome to
another episode of in his bored so this
week I was looking through the computer
and I found this old clip of me and
Anthony trying to do like a little
rehearsal of the box man for president
song and it's pretty bad so check it out
relate this box man I'm running for
friends I know I'm gonna win cuz I'm
better than the rest I'm here to fix the
USO don't get stressed and I'm the best
friend but I digress
it came off the bench I must confess let
me try to express my deep test one he's
bald in safety - he's old and cranky
three he's got hair on his back and four
he smokes a lot of crack as you can see
John McCain isn't Okies it is mid 70s he
found a hot stroke the other candidates
will feel the pain when I play the trail
with my campaign box man is run for
president Buckner
number one ten at ten but then will give
me can check and locks but it is the
yummy method and a box yeah see bucks
man
take it away right now brocco bombers
like the right choice scenery thumbs up
to me you vote for need about the cane
in the one to get that axe just let me
tell you these are Barbara facts what
he's got a chubby girly to if it's a
really selling three osama's his brother
and for you slept with my mother right
now
yeah trust me you guys don't want to see
the rest of it it's bad I get it's
really gruesome there will be a real in
his board next week where I'm actually
gonna do something instead of just show
you some old recycled clips give me
suggestions down below and then I will
see you later
have you ever been on an airplane have
you ever seen the SkyMall magazine
honestly I thought this thing was a
mind-reading device of some sort
oh my god I totally need this because I
need to adjust the level so my so my dog
doesn't hurt his poor back legs up big
dog